abies lasiocarpa
abutilon menziesii
acacia constricta
acacia farnesiana
acacia greggii
acacia koa
acer circinatum
acer glabrum
acer grandidentatum
acer macrophyllum
acer negundo
acer rubrum
acer saccharinum
acer saccharum
achillea lanulosa
achillea millefolium
achlys triphylla
actaea pachypoda
actaea racemosa
actaea rubra
adenophorus periens
adenostoma fasciculatum
adenostoma sparsifolium
adiantum aleuticum
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum jordanii
adiantum pedatum
aesculus californica
aesculus pavia
agalinis edwardsiana
agalinis heterophylla
agalinis purpurea
agastache cana
agastache foeniculum
agastache rupestris
agastache urticifolia
agave americana
agave chrysantha
agave deserti
agave havardiana
agave lechuguilla
agave palmeri
agave parryi
agave parviflora
agave schottii
agave shawii
agave toumeyana
agave utahensis
ageratina altissima
ageratina jucunda
agoseris grandiflora
agropyron smithii
allium cernuum
allium unifolium
alnus incana
alnus oblongifolia
alnus rhombifolia
alnus rubra
alnus viridis
aloysia gratissima
aloysia wrightii
amelanchier alnifolia
amelanchier arborea
amelanchier canadensis
amelanchier laevis
amelanchier spicata
amelanchier utahensis
amorpha canescens
amorpha fruticosa
amsonia ciliata
amsonia hubrichtii
amsonia tabernaemontana
amyris elemifera
anaphalis margaritacea
andropogon gerardii
andropogon glomeratus
andropogon virginicus
anemone multifida
anemone oregana
angelica lucida
anisacanthus thurberi
antennaria neglecta
antennaria parvifolia
antennaria plantaginifolia
antennaria rosea
aquilegia caerulea
aquilegia canadensis
aquilegia chrysantha
aquilegia coerulea
aquilegia elegantula
aquilegia flavescens
aquilegia formosa
aquilegia pubescens
aquilegia saximontana
aralia nudicaulis
aralia racemosa
arbutus menziesii
arctostaphylos densiflora
arctostaphylos glauca
arctostaphylos manzanita
arctostaphylos pajaroensis
arctostaphylos patula
arctostaphylos pungens
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
arctostaphylos viscida
arisaema dracontium
arisaema triphyllum
aristida purpurea
aristida stricta
armeria maritima
arnica cordifolia
aronia arbutifolia
aronia melanocarpa
artemisia californica
artemisia douglasiana
artemisia filifolia
artemisia frigida
artemisia ludoviciana
artemisia tridentata
aruncus dioicus
asarum canadense
asarum caudatum
asclepias amplexicaulis
asclepias asperula
asclepias exaltata
asclepias fascicularis
asclepias incarnata
asclepias lanceolata
asclepias oenotheroides
asclepias perennis
asclepias purpurascens
asclepias speciosa
asclepias subulata
asclepias sullivantii
asclepias syriaca
asclepias texana
asclepias tuberosa
asclepias variegata
asclepias verticillata
asclepias viridiflora
asclepias viridis
asimina triloba
asplenium nidus
asplenium platyneuron
asplenium polyodon
asplenium rhizophyllum
asplenium serratum
asplenium trichomanes
aster alpinus
aster ascendens
aster chilensis
aster cordifolius
aster divaricatus
aster laevis
aster modestus
aster novae-angliae
aster oblongifolius
aster umbellatus
astragalus canadensis
astragalus missouriensis
athyrium filix-femina
atriplex canescens
atriplex lentiformis
avicennia germinans
baccharis pilularis
baccharis salicifolia
baccharis sarothroides
baileya multiradiata
balsamorhiza sagittata
baptisia alba
baptisia australis
baptisia bracteata
baptisia tinctoria
berberis haematocarpa
berberis repens
berberis trifoliolata
berlandiera lyrata
betula nigra
betula occidentalis
betula papyrifera
bidens alba
bidens cernua
bidens micrantha
blechnum occidentale
blechnum spicant
blephilia ciliata
boehmeria cylindrica
boltonia asteroides
bouteloua curtipendula
bouteloua dactyloides
bouteloua gracilis
bouteloua hirsuta
bouteloua rigidiseta
bursera simaruba
calamagrostis canadensis
calamagrostis foliosa
calamagrostis rubescens
calathea lutea
calliandra conferta
calliandra eriophylla
callicarpa americana
callirhoe involucrata
callirhoe leiocarpa
calocedrus decurrens
calochortus albus
calochortus bruneaunis
calochortus leichtlinii
calochortus luteus
calochortus nuttallii
calochortus tolmiei
caltha biflora
caltha leptosepala
caltha palustris
calycanthus floridus
calycanthus occidentalis
calylophus berlandieri
calylophus hartwegii
calylophus serrulatus
calyptranthes pallens
calystegia macrostegia
calystegia purpurata
camassia leichtlinii
camassia quamash
campanula americana
campanula lasiocarpa
campanula rotundifolia
canavalia pubescens
canavalia rosea
canna flaccida
carex amphibola
carex amplifolia
carex annectens
carex appalachica
carex aquatilis
carex atlantica
carex bicknellii
carex blanda
carex brevior
carex cherokeensis
carex comosa
carex crinita
carex debilis
carex deweyana
carex filifolia
carex flaccosperma
carex glaucodea
carex grayi
carex hystericina
carex lacustris
carex lupulina
carex lurida
carex molesta
carex muskingumensis
carex normalis
carex obispoensis
carex obnupta
carex pansa
carex pellita
carex pensylvanica
carex plantaginea
carex praegracilis
carex radiata
carex rosea
carex scoparia
carex sprengelii
carex stipata
carex stricta
carex texensis
carex tribuloides
carex utriculata
carex vulpinoidea
carex woodii
carnegiea gigantea
carpenteria californica
carpinus caroliniana
carya glabra
carya illinoinensis
carya ovata
castilleja linariifolia
castilleja miniata
ceanothus americanus
ceanothus crassifolius
ceanothus fendleri
ceanothus gloriosus
ceanothus greggii
ceanothus griseus
ceanothus hearstiorum
ceanothus megacarpus
ceanothus oliganthus
ceanothus thyrsiflorus
ceanothus velutinus
celtis laevigata
celtis occidentalis
celtis pallida
celtis reticulata
cephalanthus occidentalis
cercidium floridum
cercidium microphyllum
cercis canadensis
cercis occidentalis
cercocarpus betuloides
cercocarpus intricatus
cercocarpus ledifolius
cercocarpus montanus
chaenactis glabriuscula
chamaebatia foliolosa
chamaecrista fasciculata
chamaecrista nictitans
chamaecyparis lawsoniana
chamaecyparis thyoides
chamaesyce celastroides
chamerion angustifolium
charpentiera densiflora
charpentiera ovata
chasmanthium latifolium
chelone glabra
chilopsis linearis
chimaphila maculata
chimaphila umbellata
chionanthus virginicus
chlorogalum pomeridianum
chrysactinia mexicana
chrysobalanus icaco
chrysogonum virginianum
chrysopsis mariana
chrysopsis texana
chrysothamnus nauseosus
cibotium glaucum
cimicifuga racemosa
circaea lutetiana
cirsium canescens
cirsium discolor
cirsium horridulum
cirsium texanum
cirsium undulatum
citharexylum caudatum
citharexylum spinosum
cladium jamaicense
clarkia amoena
clarkia rubicunda
clarkia speciosa
clarkia unguiculata
claytonia caroliniana
claytonia lanceolata
claytonia perfoliata
claytonia sibirica
claytonia virginica
clematis ligusticifolia
clematis occidentalis
clematis virginiana
cleome serrulata
clermontia lindseyana
clethra alnifolia
clintonia borealis
clintonia uniflora
clusia rosea
cnidoscolus texanus
coccoloba diversifolia
coccoloba uvifera
coccothrinax argentata
collinsia verna
conoclinium coelestinum
coprosma ernodeoides
coptis trifolia
cordia borinquensis
coreopsis auriculata
coreopsis gigantea
coreopsis grandiflora
coreopsis lanceolata
coreopsis leavenworthii
coreopsis major
coreopsis palmata
coreopsis tinctoria
coreopsis verticillata
cornus alternifolia
cornus amomum
cornus canadensis
cornus florida
cornus nuttallii
cornus racemosa
cornus sericea
corydalis sempervirens
costus speciosus
crinum americanum
crotalaria rotundifolia
ctenium aromaticum
cyanea superba
cylindropuntia acanthocarpa
cylindropuntia bigelovii
cylindropuntia imbricata
cypripedium acaule
cypripedium montanum
cypripedium parviflorum
cyrilla racemiflora
cyrtandra grayi
cyrtandra platyphylla
cyrtopodium punctatum
dalea formosa
dalea frutescens
dalea purpurea
darmera peltata
dasiphora fruticosa
dasylirion leiophyllum
dasylirion texanum
dasylirion wheeleri
datura wrightii
delphinium glaucum
delphinium nuttallianum
dendromecon rigida
deschampsia caespitosa
deschampsia cespitosa
deschampsia flexuosa
desmanthus illinoensis
desmodium canadense
dianella sandwicensis
dicentra cucullaria
dicentra eximia
dicentra formosa
dichondra carolinensis
dicranopteris linearis
dieffenbachia maculata
dieffenbachia seguine
diervilla lonicera
diospyros sandwicensis
diospyros texana
diospyros virginiana
diplacus aurantiacus
dodecatheon meadia
dryas integrifolia
dryopteris arguta
dryopteris carthusiana
dryopteris cristata
dryopteris expansa
dryopteris filix-mas
dryopteris glabra
dryopteris intermedia
dryopteris ludoviciana
dryopteris marginalis
dryopteris unidentata
dryopteris wallichiana
dudleya caespitosa
dudleya farinosa
dudleya lanceolata
dudleya pulverulenta
duranta erecta
echinacea angustifolia
echinacea pallida
echinacea purpurea
echinocactus texensis
echinocereus engelmannii
echinocereus fasciculatus
echinocereus reichenbachii
echinocereus triglochidiatus
eleocharis macrostachya
elymus canadensis
elymus hystrix
elymus virginicus
encelia californica
encelia farinosa
engelmannia peristenia
ephedra antisyphilitica
ephedra californica
ephedra nevadensis
ephedra torreyana
ephedra trifurca
ephedra viridis
epifagus virginiana
epigaea repens
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium canum
epilobium ciliatum
equisetum arvense
equisetum fluviatile
equisetum hyemale
equisetum scirpoides
eragrostis atropioides
eragrostis intermedia
eragrostis spectabilis
eragrostis variabilis
ericameria nauseosa
erigeron compositus
erigeron flagellaris
erigeron glaucus
erigeron pulcherrimus
erigeron speciosus
eriodictyon crassifolium
eriogonum alatum
eriogonum annuum
eriogonum arborescens
eriogonum compositum
eriogonum corymbosum
eriogonum fasciculatum
eriogonum giganteum
eriogonum heracleoides
eriogonum inflatum
eriogonum jamesii
eriogonum latifolium
eriogonum ovalifolium
eriogonum thomasii
eriogonum umbellatum
eriogonum wrightii
eriophorum angustifolium
eriophyllum confertiflorum
eriophyllum lanatum
eryngium leavenworthii
eryngium yuccifolium
erythrina herbacea
erythrina sandwicensis
erythronium albidum
erythronium americanum
erythronium californicum
erythronium grandiflorum
erythronium oregonum
erythroxylum areolatum
eschscholzia californica
eugenia axillaris
eugenia confusa
eugenia foetida
eupatorium altissimum
eupatorium capillifolium
eupatorium coelestinum
eupatorium dubium
eupatorium fistulosum
eupatorium hyssopifolium
eupatorium maculatum
eupatorium perfoliatum
eupatorium purpureum
eupatorium rugosum
eupatorium serotinum
euphorbia corollata
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia marginata
eurybia divaricata
eurybia macrophylla
euthamia caroliniana
euthamia graminifolia
eutrochium fistulosum
eutrochium maculatum
eutrochium purpureum
eutrochium steelei
fagus grandifolia
fallugia paradoxa
ferocactus cylindraceus
ferocactus wislizeni
festuca californica
festuca idahoensis
festuca rubra
ficus aurea
ficus citrifolia
filipendula rubra
fimbristylis cymosa
forestiera pubescens
fothergilla gardenii
fouquieria splendens
fragaria chiloensis
fragaria vesca
fragaria virginiana
fraxinus americana
fraxinus anomala
fraxinus dipetala
fraxinus latifolia
fraxinus nigra
fraxinus pennsylvanica
fraxinus texensis
fraxinus velutina
fremontodendron californicum
freycinetia arborea
gaillardia aristata
gaillardia pulchella
gaillardia suavis
galax urceolata
galium aparine
galium boreale
galium triflorum
galvezia speciosa
garrya elliptica
garrya flavescens
garrya wrightii
gaultheria procumbens
gaultheria shallon
gaura coccinea
gaura lindheimeri
gelsemium sempervirens
gentiana andrewsii
geranium caespitosum
geranium californicum
geranium erianthum
geranium maculatum
geranium oreganum
geranium richardsonii
geranium robertianum
geranium viscosissimum
geum aleppicum
geum canadense
geum macrophyllum
geum rivale
geum rossii
geum triflorum
geum vernum
gillenia trifoliata
glandularia bipinnatifida
gleditsia triacanthos
glyceria grandis
glyceria striata
goodyera oblongifolia
goodyera pubescens
goodyera repens
gouania vitifolia
grindelia stricta
guaiacum officinale
gutierrezia microcephala
gutierrezia sarothrae
gymnocarpium dryopteris
hamamelis virginiana
hamelia patens
hedyotis terminalis
hedysarum alpinum
helenium amarum
helenium autumnale
helenium bigelovii
helenium flexuosum
helianthus angustifolius
helianthus annuus
helianthus debilis
helianthus decapetalus
helianthus divaricatus
helianthus maximiliani
helianthus mollis
helianthus occidentalis
helianthus pauciflorus
helianthus strumosus
helianthus tuberosus
heliconia bihai
heliconia caribaea
heliomeris multiflora
heliopsis helianthoides
heliotropium angiospermum
hepatica acutiloba
hepatica americana
hepatica nobilis
heracleum maximum
hesperaloe parviflora
hesperocallis undulata
hesperostipa comata
hesperostipa spartea
hesperoyucca whipplei
heteromeles arbutifolia
heteropogon contortus
heterotheca grandiflora
heuchera americana
heuchera cylindrica
heuchera elegans
heuchera hirsutissima
heuchera maxima
heuchera micrantha
heuchera parvifolia
heuchera richardsonii
heuchera rubescens
heuchera sanguinea
hexastylis arifolia
hibiscus arnottianus
hibiscus brackenridgei
hibiscus coccineus
hibiscus grandiflorus
hibiscus kokio
hibiscus laevis
hibiscus moscheutos
hibiscus waimeae
holodiscus discolor
hydrangea arborescens
hydrangea quercifolia
hydrocotyle americana
hydrocotyle umbellata
hydrocotyle verticillata
hydrophyllum occidentale
hydrophyllum tenuipes
hydrophyllum virginianum
hymenocallis liriosme
hymenoclea salsola
hymenopappus artemisiifolius
hymenopappus filifolius
hymenopappus scabiosaeus
hymenoxys acaulis
hymenoxys hoopesii
hymenoxys scaposa
hypericum brachyphyllum
hypericum hypericoides
hypericum prolificum
ilex anomala
ilex cassine
ilex decidua
ilex glabra
ilex opaca
ilex verticillata
ilex vomitoria
illicium floridanum
impatiens capensis
ipomopsis aggregata
ipomopsis rubra
iris brevicaulis
iris cristata
iris douglasiana
iris fulva
iris hexagona
iris macrosiphon
iris missouriensis
iris prismatica
iris setosa
iris tenax
iris versicolor
iris virginica
isocoma acradenia
isocoma menziesii
isomeris arborea
itea virginica
jacquemontia sandwicensis
jeffersonia diphylla
juglans californica
juglans major
juncus acuminatus
juncus canadensis
juncus debilis
juncus dichotomus
juncus diffusissimus
juncus effusus
juncus marginatus
juncus patens
juncus repens
juncus scirpoides
juncus tenuis
juncus textilis
juniperus ashei
juniperus californica
juniperus communis
juniperus deppeana
juniperus horizontalis
juniperus monosperma
juniperus osteosperma
juniperus scopulorum
juniperus virginiana
kalmia latifolia
keckiella antirrhinoides
keckiella cordifolia
koeleria macrantha
krascheninnikovia lanata
lantana camara
lantana involucrata
lantana urticoides
laportea canadensis
larrea tridentata
lathyrus japonicus
lathyrus lanszwertii
lathyrus maritimus
lavatera assurgentiflora
ledum groenlandicum
leersia oryzoides
lepidium bidentatum
leptosyne gigantea
lespedeza capitata
leucophyllum frutescens
leucothoe axillaris
leucothoe fontanesiana
leymus mollis
liatris aspera
liatris elegans
liatris ligulistylis
liatris mucronata
liatris punctata
liatris pycnostachya
liatris spicata
liatris tenuifolia
ligusticum scoticum
lilium columbianum
lilium michiganense
lilium philadelphicum
lilium superbum
lindera benzoin
linnaea borealis
linum berlandieri
linum lewisii
lipochaeta kamolensis
liquidambar styraciflua
liriodendron tulipifera
lithophragma parviflorum
lobelia cardinalis
lobelia dortmanna
lobelia fulgens
lobelia inflata
lobelia kalmii
lobelia nuttallii
lobelia puberula
lobelia siphilitica
lobelia spicata
lomatium dasycarpum
lomatium dissectum
lomatium nevadense
lomatium nudicaule
lomatium utriculatum
lonchocarpus domingensis
lonicera arizonica
lonicera ciliosa
lonicera dioica
lonicera hispidula
lonicera involucrata
lonicera sempervirens
lonicera subspicata
lonicera utahensis
ludwigia palustris
lupinus albicaulis
lupinus albifrons
lupinus arboreus
lupinus argenteus
lupinus bicolor
lupinus excubitus
lupinus latifolius
lupinus nootkatensis
lupinus perennis
lupinus polyphyllus
lupinus sericeus
lupinus succulentus
lupinus texensis
luzula comosa
lycium andersonii
lycium californicum
lycium cooperi
lycium fremontii
lyonia lucida
lyonothamnus floribundus
lysichiton americanus
lysimachia ciliata
lysimachia terrestris
machaerina angustifolia
magnolia grandiflora
magnolia virginiana
mahonia aquifolium
mahonia fremontii
mahonia nervosa
mahonia nevinii
mahonia repens
mahonia trifoliolata
maianthemum canadense
maianthemum dilatatum
maianthemum racemosum
maianthemum stellatum
malacothamnus fasciculatus
malacothamnus fremontii
malosma laurina
marah fabaceus
matteuccia struthiopteris
melampodium divaricatum
melampodium leucanthum
melicope knudsenii
mentha arvensis
mentha canadensis
menyanthes trifoliata
menziesia ferruginea
mertensia ciliata
mertensia lanceolata
mertensia paniculata
mertensia virginica
metopium toxiferum
metrosideros collina
metrosideros polymorpha
mimosa aculeaticarpa
mimulus aurantiacus
mimulus cardinalis
mimulus guttatus
mimulus ringens
mirabilis laevis
mirabilis multiflora
mitchella repens
mitella diphylla
mitella nuda
mitella pentandra
monarda citriodora
monarda didyma
monarda fistulosa
monarda punctata
monardella villosa
morella cerifera
morus rubra
muhlenbergia capillaris
muhlenbergia emersleyi
muhlenbergia lindheimeri
muhlenbergia porteri
muhlenbergia reverchonii
muhlenbergia rigens
myoporum sandwicense
myosotis alpestris
myosotis laxa
myrica californica
myrica cerifera
myrica pensylvanica
myrsine lessertiana
nassella pulchra
nassella tenuissima
nemophila menziesii
nephrolepis exaltata
nolina bigelovii
nolina microcarpa
nolina texana
nothocestrum latifolium
nototrichium humile
nymphaea odorata
nyssa sylvatica
ochrosia haleakalae
oemleria cerasiformis
oenanthe sarmentosa
oenothera biennis
oenothera caespitosa
oenothera deltoides
oenothera elata
oenothera fruticosa
oenothera macrocarpa
oenothera speciosa
oenothera tetragona
onoclea sensibilis
oplopanax horridus
opuntia basilaris
opuntia ellisiana
opuntia engelmannii
opuntia fragilis
opuntia humifusa
opuntia leptocaulis
opuntia littoralis
opuntia macrocentra
opuntia macrorhiza
opuntia phaeacantha
opuntia polyacantha
opuntia santa-rita
opuntia stricta
opuntia violacea
oryzopsis hymenoides
osmorhiza berteroi
osmorhiza chilensis
osmorhiza claytonii
osmorhiza occidentalis
osmunda cinnamomea
osmunda claytoniana
osmunda regalis
ostrya virginiana
oxalis oregana
oxydendrum arboreum
oxyria digyna
oxytropis campestris
oxytropis lambertii
oxytropis sericea
pachysandra procumbens
pachystima myrsinites
packera aurea
packera glabella
packera obovata
paeonia brownii
paeonia californica
palafoxia feayi
panicum amarum
panicum rigidulum
panicum torridum
panicum virgatum
parkinsonia florida
parkinsonia microphylla
parnassia asarifolia
parnassia fimbriata
parnassia glauca
parnassia grandifolia
parnassia palustris
parthenium incanum
parthenocissus quinquefolia
pascopyrum smithii
paspalum floridanum
paspalum vaginatum
passiflora incarnata
passiflora suberosa
pedicularis bracteosa
pedicularis groenlandica
pedicularis sudetica
pediomelum argophyllum
pediomelum cuspidatum
pediomelum esculentum
peltandra virginica
penstemon ambiguus
penstemon angustifolius
penstemon australis
penstemon baccharifolius
penstemon barbatus
penstemon calycosus
penstemon cardwellii
penstemon centranthifolius
penstemon cobaea
penstemon comarrhenus
penstemon davidsonii
penstemon digitalis
penstemon eatonii
penstemon fruticosus
penstemon grandiflorus
penstemon heterophyllus
penstemon hirsutus
penstemon multiflorus
penstemon palmeri
penstemon parryi
penstemon procerus
penstemon pseudospectabilis
penstemon rostriflorus
penstemon serrulatus
penstemon spectabilis
penstemon strictus
penstemon superbus
penstemon tenuis
penstemon thurberi
penstemon tubaeflorus
penstemon virens
pentaphylloides floribunda
peperomia obtusifolia
perideridia gairdneri
perideridia kelloggii
perityle emoryi
persea borbonia
persea palustris
persicaria amphibia
persicaria hydropiperoides
persicaria virginiana
phacelia campanularia
phacelia tanacetifolia
phalaris arundinacea
philadelphus lewisii
philodendron hederaceum
philodendron scandens
phlox diffusa
phlox divaricata
phlox drummondii
phlox multiflora
phlox paniculata
phlox pilosa
phlox sibirica
phlox stolonifera
phlox subulata
phyla nodiflora
phyllodoce empetriformis
physaria bellii
physaria newberryi
physocarpus capitatus
physocarpus monogynus
physocarpus opulifolius
physostegia virginiana
picea engelmannii
picea glauca
picea mariana
picea pungens
picea sitchensis
pilea peploides
pilea pumila
pimenta racemosa
pinus banksiana
pinus clausa
pinus contorta
pinus edulis
pinus elliottii
pinus flexilis
pinus glabra
pinus palustris
pinus ponderosa
pinus resinosa
pinus strobus
pinus taeda
pinus virginiana
pipturus albidus
pisonia aculeata
pittosporum hosmeri
pityopsis graminifolia
platanus occidentalis
platanus racemosa
platanus wrightii
pleomele auwahiensis
pleomele hawaiiensis
pluchea carolinensis
pluchea odorata
plumeria obtusa
podophyllum peltatum
polemonium boreale
polemonium foliosissimum
polemonium occidentale
polemonium pulcherrimum
polemonium reptans
polemonium viscosum
polygonatum biflorum
polygonatum pubescens
polygonum pensylvanicum
polygonum virginianum
polypodium californicum
polypodium glycyrrhiza
polystichum acrostichoides
polystichum munitum
pontederia cordata
populus angustifolia
populus balsamifera
populus deltoides
populus fremontii
populus mexicana
populus tremuloides
populus trichocarpa
porophyllum scoparium
potentilla anserina
potentilla arguta
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla gracilis
potentilla uniflora
pouteria sandwicensis
prenanthes alba
prenanthes altissima
prenanthes racemosa
prenanthes serpentaria
pritchardia beccariana
pritchardia forbesiana
pritchardia hardyi
pritchardia hillebrandii
pritchardia kaalae
pritchardia lowreyana
pritchardia maideniana
pritchardia martii
pritchardia minor
pritchardia remota
pritchardia schattaueri
pritchardia viscosa
prosopis glandulosa
prosopis pubescens
prosopis velutina
prunella vulgaris
prunus americana
prunus angustifolia
prunus besseyi
prunus emarginata
prunus ilicifolia
prunus maritima
prunus pensylvanica
prunus serotina
prunus virginiana
pseudoroegneria spicata
pseudotsuga menziesii
psychotria hawaiiensis
psychotria hexandra
psychotria mariniana
psychotria nervosa
ptelea trifoliata
pteridium aquilinum
pterocarpus officinalis
pulsatilla patens
purshia tridentata
pycnanthemum flexuosum
pycnanthemum incanum
pycnanthemum muticum
pycnanthemum tenuifolium
pycnanthemum virginianum
quercus agrifolia
quercus alba
quercus berberidifolia
quercus chrysolepis
quercus douglasii
quercus emoryi
quercus falcata
quercus gambelii
quercus garryana
quercus geminata
quercus gravesii
quercus grisea
quercus hypoleucoides
quercus laceyi
quercus laevis
quercus laurifolia
quercus lobata
quercus macrocarpa
quercus marilandica
quercus michauxii
quercus muehlenbergii
quercus nigra
quercus palmeri
quercus palustris
quercus phellos
quercus rubra
quercus shumardii
quercus stellata
quercus texana
quercus turbinella
quercus velutina
quercus virginiana
quercus wislizeni
randia aculeata
ranunculus hispidus
ratibida columnaris
ratibida columnifera
ratibida pinnata
rhamnus californica
rhamnus ilicifolia
rhapidophyllum hystrix
rhizophora mangle
rhododendron austrinum
rhododendron canescens
rhododendron maximum
rhododendron viscosum
rhus aromatica
rhus copallinum
rhus glabra
rhus integrifolia
rhus microphylla
rhus ovata
rhus trilobata
rhus typhina
rhus virens
ribes aureum
ribes cereum
ribes hudsonianum
ribes inerme
ribes lacustre
ribes malvaceum
ribes montigenum
ribes sanguineum
ribes speciosum
ribes triste
ribes viscosissimum
romneya coulteri
rosa acicularis
rosa blanda
rosa californica
rosa carolina
rosa gymnocarpa
rosa nutkana
rosa palustris
rosa woodsii
rubus chamaemorus
rubus deliciosus
rubus idaeus
rubus occidentalis
rubus odoratus
rubus parviflorus
rubus pubescens
rubus spectabilis
rubus ursinus
rudbeckia fulgida
rudbeckia hirta
rudbeckia laciniata
rudbeckia maxima
rudbeckia subtomentosa
rudbeckia texana
rudbeckia triloba
ruellia caroliniensis
ruellia humilis
ruellia nudiflora
ruellia tuberosa
sabal etonia
sabal minor
sabal palmetto
sagittaria lancifolia
sagittaria latifolia
salix amygdaloides
salix bebbiana
salix caroliniana
salix discolor
salix exigua
salix fuscescens
salix glauca
salix gooddingii
salix laevigata
salix lasiandra
salix lasiolepis
salix lucida
salix nigra
salix pulchra
salix scouleriana
salix sitchensis
salvia apiana
salvia azurea
salvia ballotiflora
salvia brandegeei
salvia clevelandii
salvia coccinea
salvia dorrii
salvia engelmannii
salvia farinacea
salvia greggii
salvia leucophylla
salvia lyrata
salvia mellifera
salvia munzii
salvia pachyphylla
salvia regla
salvia roemeriana
salvia sonomensis
salvia spathacea
salvia texana
sambucus canadensis
sambucus cerulea
sambucus mexicana
sambucus nigra
sambucus racemosa
sanguinaria canadensis
sanguisorba canadensis
sanguisorba officinalis
santalum ellipticum
sarcobatus vermiculatus
sarracenia flava
sarracenia psittacina
sarracenia purpurea
sassafras albidum
satureja douglasii
saururus cernuus
saxifraga bronchialis
saxifraga californica
saxifraga cernua
saxifraga mertensiana
saxifraga oppositifolia
saxifraga pensylvanica
saxifraga punctata
saxifraga rivularis
scaevola chamissoniana
scaevola coriacea
scaevola gaudichaudiana
scaevola gaudichaudii
scaevola plumieri
scaevola sericea
schizachyrium scoparium
schoenoplectus acutus
scirpus atrovirens
scirpus californicus
scirpus cyperinus
scirpus microcarpus
scutellaria drummondii
scutellaria incana
scutellaria integrifolia
scutellaria lateriflora
scutellaria ovata
scutellaria parvula
sedum lanceolatum
sedum pulchellum
sedum spathulifolium
sedum ternatum
selaginella arbuscula
senecio congestus
senecio triangularis
senna covesii
senna lindheimeriana
senna marilandica
senna roemeriana
serenoa repens
shepherdia canadensis
sida acuta
sidalcea campestris
sidalcea malviflora
sideroxylon foetidissimum
silene acaulis
silene regia
silene stellata
silene virginica
silphium integrifolium
silphium laciniatum
silphium perfoliatum
silphium terebinthinaceum
simmondsia chinensis
sisyrinchium angustifolium
sisyrinchium bellum
sisyrinchium californicum
sisyrinchium idahoense
sisyrinchium montanum
sium suave
smilacina racemosa
smilacina stellata
smilax bona-nox
smilax rotundifolia
smilax tamnoides
solanum mammosum
solidago altissima
solidago caesia
solidago californica
solidago fistulosa
solidago flexicaulis
solidago gigantea
solidago missouriensis
solidago multiradiata
solidago nemoralis
solidago odora
solidago ohioensis
solidago patula
solidago rigida
solidago rugosa
solidago sempervirens
solidago simplex
solidago speciosa
solidago uliginosa
solidago ulmifolia
solidago velutina
sophora chrysophylla
sorbus sitchensis
sorghastrum nutans
spartina alterniflora
spartina bakeri
spartina patens
sphaeralcea ambigua
sphaeralcea angustifolia
sphaeralcea coccinea
sphaeralcea grossulariifolia
sphaeralcea munroana
spiraea alba
spiraea douglasii
spiraea stevenii
spiranthes cernua
sporobolus airoides
sporobolus cryptandrus
sporobolus heterolepis
stachys coccinea
stachytarpheta jamaicensis
stenocereus thurberi
stenotaphrum secundatum
stipa comata
stipa hymenoides
stipa pulchra
stipa speciosa
stokesia laevis
stylophorum diphyllum
symphoricarpos albus
symphoricarpos mollis
symphoricarpos orbiculatus
symphoricarpos oreophilus
symphoricarpos rotundifolius
symphyotrichum ascendens
symphyotrichum boreale
symphyotrichum chilense
symphyotrichum ciliolatum
symphyotrichum cordifolium
symphyotrichum drummondii
symphyotrichum dumosum
symphyotrichum ericoides
symphyotrichum falcatum
symphyotrichum foliaceum
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum lanceolatum
symphyotrichum lateriflorum
symphyotrichum novae-angliae
symphyotrichum novi-belgii
symphyotrichum oblongifolium
symphyotrichum oolentangiense
symphyotrichum patens
symphyotrichum pilosum
symphyotrichum puniceum
symphyotrichum racemosum
symphyotrichum sericeum
symphyotrichum shortii
symphyotrichum tenuifolium
symphyotrichum undulatum
symplocarpus foetidus
tabebuia heterophylla
taraxacum officinale
taxodium ascendens
taxodium distichum
tecoma stans
tellima grandiflora
tetraclea coulteri
tetraneuris acaulis
tetraneuris scaposa
thalia dealbata
thalia geniculata
thalictrum alpinum
thalictrum dasycarpum
thalictrum dioicum
thalictrum fendleri
thalictrum occidentale
thalictrum pubescens
thalictrum thalictroides
thalictrum venulosum
thaspium trifoliatum
thelesperma filifolium
thelypteris interrupta
thelypteris kunthii
thelypteris normalis
thelypteris noveboracensis
thelypteris ovata
thelypteris palustris
thelypteris puberula
thelypteris serrata
thelypteris simulata
thermopsis divaricarpa
thermopsis montana
thermopsis rhombifolia
thespesia grandiflora
thrinax radiata
thuja occidentalis
thuja plicata
thymophylla tenuiloba
tiarella cordifolia
tiarella trifoliata
tiarella unifoliata
tiarella wherryi
tidestromia oblongifolia
tilia americana
tillandsia fasciculata
tillandsia usneoides
tolmiea menziesii
toxicodendron diversilobum
tradescantia gigantea
tradescantia occidentalis
tradescantia ohiensis
tradescantia virginiana
triadenum virginicum
trichostema lanatum
trifolium wormskioldii
trillium catesbaei
trillium cernuum
trillium cuneatum
trillium erectum
trillium gracile
trillium grandiflorum
trillium luteum
trillium ovatum
trillium recurvatum
triteleia grandiflora
triteleia ixioides
triteleia laxa
trollius laxus
tsuga canadensis
tsuga heterophylla
typha angustifolia
typha domingensis
typha latifolia
ulmus americana
ulmus crassifolia
umbellularia californica
urtica dioica
uvularia grandiflora
uvularia perfoliata
uvularia sessilifolia
vaccinium alaskaense
vaccinium angustifolium
vaccinium arboreum
vaccinium caespitosum
vaccinium calycinum
vaccinium corymbosum
vaccinium darrowii
vaccinium deliciosum
vaccinium membranaceum
vaccinium myrtilloides
vaccinium myrtillus
vaccinium ovalifolium
vaccinium ovatum
vaccinium pallidum
vaccinium parvifolium
vaccinium reticulatum
vaccinium uliginosum
vaccinium vitis-idaea
valeriana edulis
valeriana sitchensis
vancouveria hexandra
veratrum californicum
veratrum viride
verbena bipinnatifida
verbena canadensis
verbena canescens
verbena gooddingii
verbena hastata
verbena lasiostachys
verbena stricta
verbesina alternifolia
verbesina occidentalis
verbesina virginica
vernonia altissima
vernonia baldwinii
vernonia fasciculata
vernonia gigantea
vernonia glauca
vernonia missurica
vernonia noveboracensis
veronica americana
veronicastrum virginicum
viburnum acerifolium
viburnum dentatum
viburnum edule
viburnum lentago
viburnum nudum
viburnum obovatum
viburnum opulus
viburnum prunifolium
viburnum rufidulum
viburnum trilobum
vicia americana
viguiera multiflora
viguiera stenoloba
viola adunca
viola canadensis
viola cucullata
viola glabella
viola labradorica
viola lanceolata
viola nuttallii
viola palmata
viola pedata
viola pedatifida
viola pedunculata
viola pubescens
viola sempervirens
viola sororia
viola striata
viola walteri
vitis arizonica
vitis californica
vitis riparia
waldsteinia fragarioides
wikstroemia uva-ursi
woodwardia areolata
woodwardia fimbriata
xanthorhiza simplicissima
xerophyllum tenax
xyris caroliniana
yucca aloifolia
yucca angustissima
yucca arkansana
yucca baccata
yucca brevifolia
yucca elata
yucca faxoniana
yucca filamentosa
yucca glauca
yucca gloriosa
yucca harrimaniae
yucca madrensis
yucca pallida
yucca reverchonii
yucca rupicola
yucca schidigera
yucca whipplei
zamia floridana
zamia integrifolia
zamia pumila
zanthoxylum dipetalum
zauschneria californica
zauschneria cana
zauschneria garrettii
zauschneria latifolia
zephyranthes atamasca
zephyranthes drummondii
zephyranthes grandiflora
zephyranthes simpsonii
zephyranthes texana
zexmenia hispida
zigadenus elegans
zigadenus venenosus
zinnia acerosa
zinnia grandiflora
zizania aquatica
zizia aptera
zizia aurea
zizia cordata
zizia trifoliata
ziziphus celata
ziziphus obtusifolia
ziziphus parryi
