achillea millefolium
actaea pachypoda
amorpha fruticosa
amsonia tabernaemontana
andropogon gerardii
aquilegia canadensis
arisaema triphyllum
aronia melanocarpa
aruncus dioicus
asarum canadense
asclepias incarnata
asclepias syriaca
asclepias tuberosa
asclepias verticillata
aster divaricatus
aster laevis
aster novae
athyrium filix
baptisia alba
baptisia australis
baptisia tinctoria
bouteloua curtipendula
caltha palustris
campanula americana
carex amphibola
carex appalachica
carex crinita
carex grayi
carex pensylvanica
carex plantaginea
carex radiata
carex stricta
cephalanthus occidentalis
chasmanthium latifolium
chelone glabra
cimicifuga racemosa
claytonia virginica
coreopsis lanceolata
cornus alternifolia
deschampsia cespitosa
desmodium canadense
dicentra cucullaria
diervilla lonicera
dryopteris marginalis
echinacea purpurea
elymus hystrix
equisetum hyemale
eragrostis spectabilis
eryngium yuccifolium
erythronium americanum
eupatorium fistulosum
eupatorium maculatum
eupatorium perfoliatum
eupatorium purpureum
euphorbia corollata
eutrochium maculatum
gaillardia pulchella
geranium maculatum
geum canadense
geum rivale
hamamelis virginiana
helenium autumnale
helianthus angustifolius
helianthus divaricatus
helianthus maximiliani
helianthus occidentalis
helianthus strumosus
helianthus tuberosus
heliopsis helianthoides
hepatica americana
heuchera americana
hydrophyllum virginianum
ilex verticillata
impatiens capensis
iris cristata
iris versicolor
iris virginica
jeffersonia diphylla
liatris aspera
liatris spicata
lindera benzoin
lobelia cardinalis
lobelia inflata
lobelia kalmii
lobelia puberula
lobelia siphilitica
lobelia spicata
maianthemum racemosum
matteuccia struthiopteris
mertensia virginica
mimulus ringens
mitchella repens
monarda didyma
monarda fistulosa
monarda punctata
muhlenbergia capillaris
oenothera fruticosa
osmunda cinnamomea
packera aurea
packera obovata
panicum virgatum
penstemon digitalis
penstemon hirsutus
phlox divaricata
phlox paniculata
podophyllum peltatum
polemonium reptans
polygonatum biflorum
polystichum acrostichoides
pycnanthemum muticum
pycnanthemum tenuifolium
pycnanthemum virginianum
ratibida pinnata
rudbeckia fulgida
rudbeckia hirta
rudbeckia laciniata
rudbeckia triloba
salvia azurea
sambucus canadensis
sanguinaria canadensis
schizachyrium scoparium
silene regia
silene stellata
silphium perfoliatum
sisyrinchium angustifolium
solidago caesia
solidago flexicaulis
solidago gigantea
solidago nemoralis
solidago rigida
solidago rugosa
solidago speciosa
sorghastrum nutans
sporobolus heterolepis
stylophorum diphyllum
symphyotrichum cordifolium
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum lateriflorum
symphyotrichum novae
symphyotrichum oblongifolium
symphyotrichum puniceum
thalictrum dioicum
thelypteris palustris
tiarella cordifolia
tradescantia ohiensis
tradescantia virginiana
trillium grandiflorum
uvularia grandiflora
veratrum viride
verbena hastata
verbesina alternifolia
vernonia gigantea
vernonia noveboracensis
veronicastrum virginicum
viburnum dentatum
viola canadensis
viola cucullata
viola labradorica
viola palmata
viola pedata
viola sororia
zizia aptera
zizia aurea
